Everyone is here, almost
The entire voyage of antiques has come
Angel, why don't you gamble this time?
Do you want to get rid of the clam beads?
What is the difficulty of gambling on stones?
You can see it at a glance
Stick beads are from the sea
Little human contact
Only such a game
To see their eyesight
The Heavenly Master is indeed the Heavenly Master
Gao, the kid who cursed me to death
He didn't come
He has been banned, why do you think so, haha.
This kid actually came
What wow
As expected of the conference held by Chen Tianshi
The clams here are all thousands of years old
They're all worth a lot.
Come come come
Journalist friends
Remember this face in white.
He was Chen Tianshi who blocked that bridge
A piece of trash who eats soft rice?
Now he is being taken care of by Miss Feng and is being used as a dog for him
Hmph
Are the rumors about you and Qiao Liang true?
Qiao Liang
Are the rumors that you were taken care of by Miss Feng true?
Qiao Liang, weren't you banned by Chen Tianzhi?
How dare you come here?
Go aside
Wang Xiang, don't talk nonsense
We are just an ordinary teacher-student relationship
You two
The butthole wasn't wiped clean, was it?
Can't see emotions clearly?
What are you doing with so many captains?
Why do you say nice and call you Brother Tiger?
Say something bad
There's no reason we're here today.
I'm curious
This person is a trash who was banned by Chen Tianshi
Why can I today?
Come to this venue swaggering
Stand still today
I just want him to be ruined
Bridge, why don't we go back first?
And here I am today.
Not going anywhere, it's not that you're crazy, you're dying
This is the opening clam conference
Anyone who comes in can participate
I'm going to do it in front of all of you today.
Open the largest judge